feat: add migrate CLI (#652)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/manuals/cli/migrate-entities.md

# Migrate entities from earlier versions to Taipy 3.0

> Taipy 3.0 provides a cli option to update entities from older taipy versions to 3.0. It is recommended to update the Taipy application code to Taipy 3.0 before executing the entities migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Taipy 3.0 provides a CLI option to update entities from older Taipy versions to `3.0. It
is recommended to update the Taipy application code to Taipy 3.0 before executing the
entities migration.
```

!!! important "Supported Taipy versions"

    The migration supports **Taipy 2.0** or newer.

## Migration arguments

> The migrate CLI has one argument, `--repository-type` that accepts 3 values: `filesystem`, `sql` and `mongo`. Each repository type must be succeded of additional arguments, as decribed below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The migrate CLI has one argument, `--repository-type` that accepts 3 values: `filesystem`,
`sql`, and `mongo`. Each repository type must be succeeded of additional arguments, as
decribed below:
```

> - *filesystem* must be succeded by the path to the filesystem folder that holds your Taipy application data, usually `.data` inside of the application root directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *filesystem* must be succeeded by the path to the filesystem folder that holds your Taipy application data. It corresponds to the `storage_folder` attribute in the configuration `CORE` section. If it has not been changed explicitly the value is `.data` inside the application root directory if it has not been provided explicitly. 
```

> - *sql* must be succeded by the path to the sqlite file that holds your Taipy Application data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *sql* must be succeeded by the path to the sqlite file that holds your Taipy Application data.
```

Author: I should use a spell checker 😅

Reviewer: That's what I did 😉.

- *mongo* must be succeded by the credentials to access the mongo database that holds your Taipy Application data. The credentials must follow the order: `host`, `port`, `username` and `password`.

> To display the help section of taipy migrate cli, you can run the `taipy help migrate` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To display the help section of `taipy migrate` CLI, you can run the `taipy help migrate` command.
```

                        The type of repository to migrate. If filesystem or sql, a path to the database folder/.sqlite file should be informed. In
                        case of mongo host, port, user and password must be informed, if left empty it is assumed default values
```

To migrate the entities of an Taipy application with a filesystem repository. We can run the following command:

```console
$ taipy migrate --repository-type filesystem .data
``` 

Where `.data` is the path to the directory that holds the Taipy application data.

To migrate the entities of an Taipy application with a sqlite repository. We can run the following command:

```console
$ taipy migrate --repository-type filesystem ~/taipy.sqlite3
```

Where  `~/taipy.sqlite3` is the path to the sqlite file that holds the Taipy application data.

To migrate the entities of an Taipy application with a sqlite repository. We can run the following command:

```console
$ taipy migrate --repository-type mongo localhost 27017 username password
```

Where the arguments are the credentials to access the mongo database that holds the Taipy application data.

!!! info

>     Once executed, the structure of all entities present in the repository will be changed to follow the data model of Taipy 3.0. You should see a informative message when the process is done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Once executed, the structure of all entities in the repository will be changed to follow
    the data model of Taipy 3.0. You should see an informative message when the process is
    done.
```

# Migrate entities from earlier versions to Taipy 3.0

Taipy 3.0 provides a CLI option to update entities from older Taipy versions to `3.0`. It
is recommended to update the Taipy application code to Taipy 3.0 before executing the
entities migration.

!!! important "Supported Taipy versions"

    The migration supports **Taipy 2.0** or newer.

## Migration arguments

The migrate CLI has one argument, `--repository-type` that accepts 3 values: `filesystem`,
`sql`, and `mongo`. Each repository type must be succeeded of additional arguments, as
decribed below:

> - *filesystem* must be succeeded by the path to the filesystem folder that holds your Taipy application data. It corresponds to the `storage_folder` attribute in the configuration `CORE` section. If it has not been changed explicitly the value is `.data` inside the application root directory if it has not been provided explicitly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *filesystem* must be succeeded by the path to the filesystem folder that holds your Taipy
application data. It corresponds to the `storage_folder` attribute in the configuration `CORE`
section. If it has not been changed explicitly the value is `.data` inside the application root
directory if it has not been provided explicitly.
```

- *sql* must be succeeded by the path to the sqlite file that holds your Taipy Application data.

> - *mongo* must be succeded by the credentials to access the mongo database that holds your Taipy Application data. The credentials must follow the order: `host`, `port`, `username` and `password`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *mongo* must be succeeded by the credentials to access the mongo database that holds
your Taipy Application data. The credentials must follow the order: `host`, `port`, `username`, and `password`.
```
